enh(monitoring): Revise topic about time periods (#762)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/monitoring/basic-objects/timeperiods.md

## Definition

> A time period is the definition of a time interval for each day of the week. These time periods enable the functionalities of the scheduler over a given period of time. They apply to two types of actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A time period defines a time interval for each day of the week. They enable the functionalities of the scheduler over a given period of time. They apply to two types of actions:
```
